EDU-13520 Updated section frequently questions (#16)
vtex-apps/b2b-suite: docs/README.md

### How do I fix the schema issue?

> For more details on how to resolve schema-related issues, please refer to the article [I can't fix the schema error in B2B apps](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/nao-consigo-corrigir-o-erro-de-schema-em-aplicativos-b2b--WkjJZSnGXCiqmLhg4b0OR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to resolve schema-related issues, please refer to the article [I can't fix the schema error in B2B apps](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/i-cant-fix-the-schema-error-in-b2b-apps--WkjJZSnGXCiqmLhg4b0OR).
```
